I need you to loan me some money so I
can get some corn equipment do you rich
woman I'm not rich I'll make you to go
what happened to all that money you made
when you fell off that bus that is my
money to do with what I want to and I
only got $250 that's exactly how much I
need to be a come on woman go give it a
mother
[Music]
[Applause]
it's great to have you here it's great
to meet you we've not is our first time
meeting yes it is in person yes but I've
met you a lot of times in my dreams you
are by the way I love this dress is
spectacular your nails are beautiful as
well how do you do things with these
nail mean what do you think I need to do
I don't know texting or what I use a
stylus mostly for texting you do but I
can't do it with my fingertip uh-huh but
it gives me a cramp in my masturbation
hands oh I see so I choose not to do
that I don't know I see well that's good
you got it got out a house worker hey
Larry
hey Harry hey Chester hey Roger hey
Cherie hey sorry I understand I may be
you were very funny in Dolomites I mean
and you knew Rudy ray Moore who played
don't who did dolomite as the character
yeah him how did you know him um well we
you know I was going to save it for the
book we we work together several times
back in the Portland and Tacoma area
uh-huh and we actually had no no
actually have a love tau that is
shocking yeah a little dole oh my baby
yeah did you as you work together I
assume yeah we worked together we used
to hang out actually I worked with him
about five times he used to call me Nell
Nell Nell like that Nell pull up my sock
slowly I see yeah once you touch a man's
socks there's really no going back is
there you had a remarkable career and
life I learned this about you today I
will admit I learned that you you robbed
the bank is what I learned yes is that
an accurate way of putting it that you
robbed the bank I'm only able to speak
about this because I'm not on probation
and okay very good
I was the original set it up but I'm a
smart criminal I don't have no part
crime partner I do my job solo no
getaway car
nothing like that I did this by myself
but I'll just not the type of chick I
had a very extensive background in
banking before I got into all this
entertainment stuff uh-huh I worked at
the old you know Sumitomo Bank and first
in the state and all that the day that
that ain't around the world because of
chicks like me just not cool with you
know I've never been addicted to
anything I recreational use everything
but I'm not addicted to anything but
money I got a how - money Jimmy uh-huh
so you can't work me for two weeks and
give me a check for $250 and let me
loosen the vault but I paid my see you
actually hide you took cash out of the
vault and put it right here Lisa you
know I didn't even steal it for like to
help a relative with a kidney I did
night for people like my parents that I
never did nice stuff for before like I
got him a suite in Long Beach right down
the street from the bank that I robbed
[Laughter]
but you obviously bounced back I think
the first thing I ever saw you in was
Borat was that movie those who haven't
seen it in a while you're part of a
hilarious scene give us a refresher of
your character and what was going on and
I you know I tried to watch it again
about a couple of weeks ago and I got
five minutes because because I played
you know a hooker mm-hmm right yes I was
running around with the stinky foreign
guy uh-huh right cuz you know Sasha wore
the same suit the entire time did he
film the movie okay so it was thinking
like they didn't spray it on there it's
not for real you know you don't do stuff
like go to you know country line dancing
people are very serious about they they
crap oh yes and they don't take kindly
to a stinky foreigner and a hooker black
coming in and going at opposite
direction to mess it up I was like no I
don't want trouble
they gonna kill me everything we did I
didn't want to do you know do you
remember that dinner dinner when you
went into those people's house yeah so
you know we couldn't do a second take
because they were real people so if we
messed up right we had to go to another
family and set them up you know these
are like secessionist real you know
racists like bona fide dyed-in-the-wool
racist they've even had a black person
on the front porch let alone a heavyset
cheek and a Calvin Klein miniskirt and a
leopard bra with a cowboy hat on and
Larry Charles my directors I could so
what we're gonna do because there was
not really a script this was gorilla
this was dolomite before dolomite okay
guerilla filmmaking okay so you know
we're in the van looking at the monitor
Sasha's in the house you know they're
feeding him all this fine cuisine
vichyssoise and he's like I like this
American food glue Debbie and he's actor
you know and so you know I'm supposed to
go knock on the door outside I don't
want to do it and he said no it's gonna
be fine with right here for you no I
don't want to do it I don't like to go
place where they don't want me to be
there were 96 arrests during the filming
of Borat we ran from the police several
times which is hard to do on a dirt road
with stilettos tamo ties I bet but he
loves being in uncomfortable situations
I don't
I find that I do want to mention what
I'm measuring for every Sunday night you
were at my comedy club in Las Vegas
every Saturday you come to see them
white boys you'll never come see me I
gotta come I mean I will come to you
what do you mean two segments I'm not
getting ready to go Kesha is cancelled
that's you know everybody dolomite is my
name is I'm
bad with big feet oh hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel
and this is the Internet
I made it myself hit subscribe if you
like it